Add new section to describe all containers we have at Mattermost (#556)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/containers/_index.md

---
title: "Containers"
section: "contribute"
---

# Mattermost Containers

> Mattermost uses the [Docker Registry](https://hub.docker.com/u/mattermost) to publish the official images for the Mattermost Server and also for other supporting images that is used for internal/public development and testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost uses the [Docker Registry](https://hub.docker.com/u/mattermost) to publish the official images for the Mattermost Server and also for other supporting images that are used for internal/public development and testing.
```

> This page will list all the Docker Repositories used by Mattermost and community

Reviewer: Looks like we're missing trailing periods throughout -- easy to fix?

> This page will list all the Docker Repositories used by Mattermost and community

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page lists all the Docker repositories currently in use.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-enterprise-edition](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-enterprise-edition) - **Official Mattermost Server** image for the **Enterprise edition version**. To find the Dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/tree/master/build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-enterprise-edition](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-enterprise-edition) - **Official Mattermost Server** image for the **Enterprise edition version**. To find the Dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/tree/master/build.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-team-edition](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-team-edition) - **Official Mattermost Server** image for the **Team edition version**. To find the Dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/tree/master/build

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-team-edition](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-team-edition) - **Official Mattermost Server** image for the **Team edition version**. To find the Dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/tree/master/build.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy) - Mattermost Push Proxy. Documentation: https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/mobile/push-notifications/service/ GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy) - Mattermost Push Proxy. Documentation: https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/mobile/push-notifications/service/ GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-operator](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-operator) - Official image for Mattermost Operator for Kubernetes. For more information: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-operator](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-operator) - Official image for Mattermost Operator for Kubernetes. For more information: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-test-enterprise](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-test-enterprise) - Repository where all testing images is publish for any type of testing. Those images are build from the CircleCI Pipelines from the [mattermost-server](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server) and [mattermost-webapp](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-test-enterprise](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-test-enterprise) - Repository where all testing images are published and available for any type of testing. These images are built from the CircleCI Pipelines from the [mattermost-server](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server) and [mattermost-webapp](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp).
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-test-team](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-test-team) - Repository where all testing images is publish for any type of testing. Those images are build from the CircleCI Pipelines from the [mattermost-server](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server) and [mattermost-webapp](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-test-team](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-test-team) - Repository where all testing images are published and available for any type of testing. These images are built from the CircleCI Pipelines from the [mattermost-server](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server) and [mattermost-webapp](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp).
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-prod-app](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-app) - Community driven image for Mattermost Server. **This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-prod-app](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-app) - Community driven image for Mattermost Server. 
**This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the Dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-prod-db](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-db) - Community driven image for Database to run together with **mattermost/mattermost-prod-app**. **This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-prod-db](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-db) - Community driven image for Database to run together with **mattermost/mattermost-prod-app**. 

**This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the Dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker.
```

Reviewer 3: If we move it to its own line, it'll break the bulleted list. I worry it won't be clear which of the images is deprecated in 6.0 (the one above or below this deprecation notice)

Reviewer 2: Ah, that makes sense. Fixed it but kept the capitalization from dockerfile > Dockerfile.

> - [mattermost/mattermost-prod-web](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-web) - Community driven image for WebServer to run together with **mattermost/mattermost-prod-app**. **This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-prod-web](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-web) - Community driven image for WebServer to run together with **mattermost/mattermost-prod-app**. 

**This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the Dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-preview](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-preview) - This is a Docker image to install Mattermost in Preview Mode for exploring product functionality on a single machine using Docker. Preview image Docs: http://bit.ly/1W76riY. GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker-preview

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-preview](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-preview) - This is a Docker image to install Mattermost in Preview Mode for exploring product functionality on a single machine using Docker. Preview image docs: http://bit.ly/1W76riY. GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker-preview.
```

> - [mattermost/platform](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/platform) - Mirror of **mattermost/mattermost-preview**. This is a Docker image to install Mattermost in Preview Mode for exploring product functionality on a single machine using Docker. Preview image (mirror). Docs: http://bit.ly/1W76riY. GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker-preview

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/platform](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/platform) - Mirror of **mattermost/mattermost-preview**. This is a Docker image to install Mattermost in Preview Mode for exploring product functionality on a single machine using Docker. Preview image (mirror). Docs: http://bit.ly/1W76riY. GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker-preview.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-loadtest](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-loadtest) - Image for the Load Test application. Tools for profiling Mattermost under heavy load. GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-loadtest](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-loadtest) - Image for the Load Test application. Tools for profiling Mattermost under heavy load. GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test.
```

> - [mattermost/sync-helpwanted-tickets](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/sync-helpwanted-tickets) - For Internal usage. This iamge runs the sync with Jira tickets and GitHub Issues. To check the code please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-utilities/tree/master/github_jira_tools

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/sync-helpwanted-tickets](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/sync-helpwanted-tickets) - For Internal usage. This image runs the sync with Jira tickets and GitHub Issues. To check the code please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-utilities/tree/master/github_jira_tools.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-build-server](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-build-server) - Image used to build Mattermost used in CI. To check the Docker file refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/build/Dockerfile.buildenv

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-build-server](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-build-server) - Image used to build Mattermost used in CI. To check the Docker file refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/build/Dockerfile.buildenv.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-build-webapp](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-build-webapp) - Image used to build Mattermost Webapp used in CI. To check the Docker file refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/build/Dockerfile

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-build-webapp](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-build-webapp) - Image used to build Mattermost Webapp used in CI. To check the Docker file refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/build/Dockerfile.
```

> - [mattermost/podman](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/mattermost/podman) - Internal usage. Contain Podman to build/tag/push container images

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/podman](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/mattermost/podman) - Internal usage. Contain Podman to build/tag/push container images.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-wait-for-dep](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-wait-for-dep) - Image used to wait for the other containers to start. Used in in CI and for local developement. Please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/docker-compose.yaml for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-wait-for-dep](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-wait-for-dep) - Image used to wait for the other containers to start. Used in in CI and for local development. Please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/docker-compose.yaml for more information.
```

> - [mattermost/mattermost-elasticsearch-docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-elasticsearch-docker) - Used in in CI and for local developement. Please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/docker-compose.yaml for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-elasticsearch-docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-elasticsearch-docker) - Used in in CI and for local development. Please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/docker-compose.yaml for more information.
```

> - [mattermost/webrtc](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/mattermost/webrtc) - DEPRECATED. Preview docker image of Mattermost WebRTC. Docs: http://bit.ly/2fVbWjU

Reviewer 3: @enahum Any objections to deleting this image? It hasn't been updated since 2017 and we no longer support WebRTC natively.

Author: i support the idea to remove that

> - [mattermost/mattermost-cloud](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-cloud) - Mattermost Private Cloud is a SaaS offering meant to smooth and accelerate the customer journey from trial to full adoption. For more information see https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-cloud

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [mattermost/mattermost-cloud](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-cloud) - Mattermost Private Cloud is a SaaS offering meant to smooth and accelerate the customer journey from trial to full adoption. For more information see https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-cloud.
```

- [mattermost/mattermost-loadtest](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-loadtest) - Image for the Load Test application. Tools for profiling Mattermost under heavy load. GitHub: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test

- [mattermost/sync-helpwanted-tickets](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/sync-helpwanted-tickets) - For Internal usage. This iamge runs the sync with Jira tickets and GitHub Issues. To check the code please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-utilities/tree/master/github_jira_tools

- [mattermost/mattermost-build-server](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-build-server) - Image used to build Mattermost used in CI. To check the Docker file refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/blob/master/build/Dockerfile.buildenv

- [mattermost/mattermost-build-webapp](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-build-webapp) - Image used to build Mattermost Webapp used in CI. To check the Docker file refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-webapp/blob/master/build/Dockerfile

> - [mattermost/mattermost-marketplace-build](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-marketplace-build) - Image used to build Mattermost Marketplace. For more information please refer https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-marketplace

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure if this image is used any longer. The laste update happend in September. @lieut-data Can you confirm?

Author: if not being used anymore i can delete that, which will be better :D

Reviewer: Yes, I think we can delete it -- no dependencies within the marketplace.

Author: ok, will remove, thanks!

Author: done

- [mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy) - Mattermost Push Proxy. [Documentation](https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/mobile/push-notifications/service/). [GitHub](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-push-proxy).

- [mattermost/mattermost-loadtest](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-loadtest) - Image for the Load Test application. Tools for profiling Mattermost under heavy load. [GitHub](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-load-test).

- [mattermost/mattermost-operator](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-operator) - Official image for Mattermost Operator for Kubernetes. For more information see https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-operator.

- [mattermost/mattermost-cloud](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-cloud) - Mattermost Private Cloud is a SaaS offering meant to smooth and accelerate the customer journey from trial to full adoption. For more information see https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-cloud.

## Community-Maintained Docker Images

> - [mattermost/mattermost-prod-app](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-app) - Community driven image for Mattermost Server. **This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the Dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker.

Reviewer: To confirm, is this being tracked by a Jira ticket?

Reviewer 3: Currently tracked in a 6.0 doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/15Q9sNBSy8aPOS57dkFXDCcdL81UxAWuyj1KwbqGhpvc/edit

I believe 6.0 work will be moved over to Jira once plans are finalized

- [mattermost/mattermost-prod-db](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-db) - Community driven image for Database to run together with **mattermost/mattermost-prod-app**. **This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker

- [mattermost/mattermost-prod-web](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-prod-web) - Community driven image for WebServer to run together with **mattermost/mattermost-prod-app**. **This Docker repository will be deprecated in Mattermost 6.0**. For more information and to check the dockerfile please refer to https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker

> - [mattermost/mattermost-preview](https://hub.docker.com/r/mattermost/mattermost-preview) - This is a Docker image to install Mattermost in Preview Mode for exploring product functionality on a single machine using Docker. [Documentation](http://bit.ly/1W76riY). [GitHub](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-docker-preview).

Reviewer 3: @cpanato Is this community-maintained?

Author: no this is our side, but we need to spend more time on that, if we want to continue doing that

Reviewer 3: @cpanato okay, I moved under the Mattermost supported section
